完整英文原版题目（含约束、样例与说明）
 
 
 
Problem Statement
Ethan is the leader of a team with N members. He has assigned an error score to each member in his team based on the bugs that he has found in that particular team member's task. Because the error score has increased to a significantly large value, he wants to give all the team members a chance to improve their error scores, thereby improving their reputation in the organization. He introduces a new rule that whenever a team member completes a project successfully, the error score of that member decreases by a count P and the error score of all the other team members whose score is greater than zero decreases by a count Q.
 
Write an algorithm to help Ethan find the minimum number of projects that the team must complete in order to make the error score of all the team members zero.
 
 
 
Constraints
 
- 1 \leq N \leq 2 \times 10^5
- 1 \leq Q \leq P \leq 10^9
- 0 \leq M_i \leq 10^9 (where M_i represents the error score of the i-th team member)
- 1 \leq i \leq N
 
Note
 
The error score of any team member can never be less than zero.
 
 
 
Example
 
Input:
 
plaintext
  

3 4 1
6 4 1
 
 
Output:
 
plaintext
  

3
 
 
Explanation:
 
1. The first time a team member completes a project successfully, the updated error scores will be:  2 3 0 .
2. Then, when a second member completes a project successfully, the updated error scores will be:  1 0 0 .
3. Then, when the first member completes another project successfully, the updated error scores will be:  0 0 0 .
 
So, the team needs to complete 3 projects to make the error score of all the team members zero.
 
 
 
Input
 
The first line of the input consists of three space-separated integers -  N, P and Q , representing:
 
-  N : the total number of team members
-  P : the count by which the error score of the team member who completes a project successfully decreases
-  Q : the count by which the error score of other team members (with score > 0) decreases
 
The second line consists of  N  space-separated integers representing the initial error scores of the team members.
 
Output
 
Print an integer representing the minimum number of projects that the team must complete in order to make the error score of all the team members zero.
 
 
 
需要我基于这个样例，给你写一份可以直接提交的高效Python代码吗？
